DD-429: new option: no payload (#59)
DANS-KNAW/easy-fedora-to-bag: docs/index.md

     -l, --log-file  <arg>        The name of the logfile in csv format. If not provided a file
                                  easy-fedora-to-bag-<timestamp>.csv will be created in the home-dir of the user.
                                  (default = /home/vagrant/easy-fedora-to-bag-2020-02-02T20:20:02.000Z.csv)

>      -p, --no-payload             If provided, only the largest pdf/image will selected as payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -p, --no-payload             If provided, no payload files will be exported, i.e. only the metadata is present in the bag.
```
